COVID-19 Region-Wide Test, Case, and Death Trends

Number of COVID-19 cases, tests, and deaths by report date, by region. New positive cases, deaths and tests have occurred over a range of dates but were reported to ISDH in the last 24 hours.

All data displayed is preliminary and subject to change as more information is reported to ISDH. Tests are displayed by the date the test was performed and deaths are displayed by the date the death occurred. Expect historical data to change as data is reported to ISDH
ISDH Health District ID. Refer to in.gov/isdh/26777.htmlDate of the event, being equal to the specimen collection date, or if the collection date is unknown, investigation starting date for positive cases; the date of death for deaths; the coalesce of specimen date and report date for testings (if specimen collected date is unknown, use report date), respectively.Total number of confirmed casesTotal number of deaths.Total number of testings.Total positivity percentage for the ISDH Health District, by day.  Measured by all positive tests divided by all tests administered. This is an externally calculated field. Because COVID_COUNT is based on investigation starting date, and COVID_TESTS is based on specimen collection date/report date, the positivity rate cannot be calculated from just these included columns. Any attempt to match the presented positivity rate by calculating it with these values will not match. Column is NULL after 3/30/22 because of a change in reporting requirementsTotal number of confirmed cases grouped by their lab specimen collection date. In instances where the specimen collection date is not provided, the date the specimen result is recorded in the ISDH system is used.ISDH Health District ID. Refer to in.gov/isdh/26777.htmlDate of the event, being equal to the specimen collection date, or if the collection date is unknown, investigation starting date for positive cases; the date of death for deaths; the coalesce of specimen date and report date for testings (if specimen collected date is unknown, use report date), respectively.Total number of confirmed casesTotal number of deaths.Total number of testings.Total positivity percentage for the ISDH Health District, by day.  Measured by all positive tests divided by all tests administered. This is an externally calculated field. Because COVID_COUNT is based on investigation starting date, and COVID_TESTS is based on specimen collection date/report date, the positivity rate cannot be calculated from just these included columns. Any attempt to match the presented positivity rate by calculating it with these values will not match. Column is NULL after 3/30/22 because of a change in reporting requirementsTotal number of confirmed cases grouped by their lab specimen collection date. In instances where the specimen collection date is not provided, the date the specimen result is recorded in the ISDH system is used.ISDH Health District ID. Refer to in.gov/isdh/26777.htmlTotal number of confirmed casesTotal number of deaths.Total number of testings.Total positivity percentage for the ISDH Health District, by day.  Measured by all positive tests divided by all tests administered. This is an externally calculated field. Because COVID_COUNT is based on investigation starting date, and COVID_TESTS is based on specimen collection date/report date, the positivity rate cannot be calculated from just these included columns. Any attempt to match the presented positivity rate by calculating it with these values will not match. Column is NULL after 3/30/22 because of a change in reporting requirementsTotal number of confirmed cases grouped by their lab specimen collection date. In instances where the specimen collection date is not provided, the date the specimen result is recorded in the ISDH system is used.